docs: add notes to the example on CI (#836)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/example_static_html.md

Obviously, our busybox example is very silly. We just wanted to show you how
Tilt can work with any language, even a silly one.

> Once you're done, set up a CI test to ensure it doesn't break!  The example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're done configuring your project in Tilt, set up a CI test to ensure your setup doesn't break!  The example
```

Author: done

> repo uses [`ctlptl`](https://github.com/tilt-dev/ctlptl) to create a single-use

Reviewer: FWIW, this confused me because it wasn't apparent that all this was happening in CI. Consider something like:
"In the example repo, on each PR, CircleCI will use ctlptl to create... then run tilt CI to deploy the services and ensure that they stand up correctly"

Author: done

local Kubernetes cluster on each PR. Then `tilt ci` deploys the services and
exits successfully if they're healthy.

- [CircleCI config](https://github.com/tilt-dev/tilt-example-html/blob/master/.circleci/config.yml)

> - [Test script](https://github.com/tilt-dev/tilt-example-html/blob/master/test/test.sh)

Reviewer: Also, not a huge deal, but now that we're using the CI config and test script as part of our educational materials, might be worth commenting them more to describe what's going on. (Esp. maybe worth mentioning what the "remote docker setup" in CI is doing, maybe linking to docs if we have them.)

Author: yep, i expect we'll have more on this in the future :)
